docs: update migrating plan (#46627)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/migrate-plans.mdx

   Teleport](deploy-a-cluster/deploy-a-cluster.mdx).

1. Ensure you are running Teleport Enterprise agents with versions that are
   the same major or just one major version lower than the new Teleport
   Enterprise account version. To check the  versions of your Teleport 
   Enterprise agents, you can use the `tctl` command
   to list the inventory of connected agents and their version:

   ```code  
   # check for older versions
   $ tctl inventory ls --older-than=<version>
   # check for newer versions
   $ tctl inventory ls --newer-than=<version>
   ```

> 1. Both the self-hosted and Teleport Enterprise (Cloud) support automatic upgrading
>    that is recommended to maintain a healthy set of agents. See how to 
>    [Set up Automatic Agent Updates](../upgrading/automatic-agent-updates.mdx) to
>    incorporate this into your migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We recommend that Teleport Enterprise (Self-Hosted) customers set up automatic updates to maintain a healthy set of Agents, and require this in Teleport Enterprise (Cloud). See how to 
   [Set up Automatic Agent Updates](../upgrading/automatic-agent-updates.mdx) to
   incorporate this into your migration.

```

1. Stop Teleport services on each Agent (if applicable).

1. If you are using Teleport repositories to install on Linux
   update the repository channel to `stable/cloud` for Teleport

>    Enterprise (cloud). For self-hosted you can use the major version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enterprise (Cloud). For self-hosted Teleport Enterprise you can use the major version
```

>    `stable/v(=teleport.major_version=)` or if you are using the automatic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `stable/v(=teleport.major_version=)` or if you are using automatic

```

>    upgrades the `stable/rolling` has all released versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   upgrades the `stable/rolling` channel has all released versions.

```

> 1. If you are using the community version of Teleport uninstall `teleport`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you are using the Teleport Community Edition, uninstall `teleport`

```

> 1. If you are using the community version of Teleport uninstall `teleport`

Reviewer: I would link to the instructions for uninstalling Teleport here

Author: > I would link to the instructions for uninstalling Teleport here

thanks, updated

   and install the enterprise version. You can confirm if the `teleport` binary
   is enterprise by running `teleport version`. The output will contain the words
   `Teleport Enterprise`. The enterprise version of the `teleport`

>    binary should be used when connecting to Teleport Enterprise (cloud) or
>    Teleport Enterprise self-hosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   binary should be used when connecting to Teleport Enterprise (Cloud) or
   Teleport Enterprise (Self-Hosted).

```

1. Stop Teleport services on each Agent (if applicable).

1. If you are using Teleport repositories to install on Linux
   update the repository channel to `stable/cloud` for Teleport
   Enterprise (Cloud). For self-hosted Teleport Enterprise you can use the major version
   `stable/v(=teleport.major_version=)` or if you are using automatic
   upgrades the `stable/rolling` channel has all released versions.

1. If you are using the Teleport Community Edition, [uninstall Teleport](./management/admin/uninstall-teleport.mdx)
   and install the enterprise version. You can confirm if the `teleport` binary
   is enterprise by running `teleport version`. The output will contain the words

>    `Teleport Enterprise`. The enterprise version of the `teleport`

Reviewer: Should `teleport` here be `tctl`, since we're talking about connecting to a Teleport cluster?

> 1. If you are using the Teleport Community Edition, [uninstall Teleport](./management/admin/uninstall-teleport.mdx)
>    and install the enterprise version. You can confirm if the `teleport` binary
>    is enterprise by running `teleport version`. The output will contain the words
>    `Teleport Enterprise`. The enterprise version of the `teleport`
>    binary should be used when connecting to Teleport Enterprise (Cloud) or
>    Teleport Enterprise (Self-Hosted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you are using Teleport Community Edition, [uninstall Teleport](./management/admin/uninstall-teleport.mdx)
   and install the enterprise edition of the `teleport` binary. You can confirm if the binary
   is correct by running `teleport version`. The output will contain the words
   `Teleport Enterprise`. The enterprise edition of the `teleport`
   binary should be used when connecting to Teleport Enterprise (Cloud) or
   Teleport Enterprise (Self-Hosted).

```

   # delete the state secret
   kubectl -n <namespace> delete secret <release-name>-0-state
   ```

>    The settings for the new Teleport Kubernetes agent should have the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The settings for the new Teleport Kubernetes Agent should have the 

```
